Today we are taking this verse out of sequence. We are discussing the first canto but this is from 7th canto. Because today is the most auspicious appearance day of Lord Narsinghdev. Shri Narsinghdev Bhagwan ki Jai. Lord Narsinghdev appeared to give protection to his devotee Prahlad Maharaj and to kill the persecutor Hiranyakashipu who was the greatest enemy of Prahlad Maharaj and father at the same time. So how father can be greatest enemy? Father is the best well-wisher. It is told the relationship where we do not see envy in this world is that of father and son. In every other relationship there is envy. Even though one could be one's very close family member. If brother becomes more successful other brother becomes envious. My brother is doing better than me. Sister is doing better than me. They cannot tolerate. But only in the relationship between father and son, father wishes my son should become better than me, bigger than me. However in this case we see that even father became envious. Thus in this material world there is no question of any relationship without envy. Yes in father and son there is minimal envy but still we see here so much envy showed that he was hell-bent upon killing his son Prahlad Maharaj. And who was Hiranyakashipu? Hiranyakashipu was the leader of the materialists. Hiranyam means gold and Kashipu means bed. And every materialist wants. We were also trained to just aim for getting gold that means wealth, opulence and bed, sleep and sense gratification. So thus Hiranyakashipu name indicates materialists who aspires for having gold and bed in one's life. So this demon became extremely powerful. He did lot of tapasya, took lot of discomfort in his life in order to become immortal. So nobody wants to die. So death cannot be avoided whatever we do. Krishna tells, mrityu sarva hrash chaham. Those who do not accept Krishna as supreme personality of Godhead, don't follow his instructions. They have to follow at the time of death. So Krishna sends his pure devotee. Pure devotee requests surrender unto Krishna. But nobody surrenders. Then what happens? Then Krishna tells, okay I will come in the form of death. Then a person has to surrender everything. One surrenders body, one surrenders mind, one surrenders wealth, one surrenders skills, one surrenders family, one surrenders property. Everything is surrendered. 100%. So nobody can remain without surrendering. So those who are able to surrender voluntarily, they are intelligent. Just like in Mumbai now of course it is relatively safer. But earlier there was underworld and they will take money from you. So if you surrender voluntarily, then that is good for you. Otherwise you will be made to surrender. You have to surrender your life and everything. So people would voluntarily surrender. Okay take and let me live. So those who are intelligent, they surrender to Krishna voluntarily. Engage in his loving devotional service. Otherwise, so Hiranyakashipu did not want to surrender. And thus he told, no I will challenge death. I would become immortal. I do not want to die. And he thought by working very hard, I will be able to stop my death. Just like today also some people are doing. But they do not know that as sure as death, death is the law of this material world, death will happen. But people do not understand. So he meditated upon Lord Brahma, prayed to him because he is most powerful person in the universe. And when Brahma came, Brahma became glad. And not glad exactly, but Brahma became relieved because the living entity is suffering so much. They become compassionate. And he was giving disturbance to other living entities also. So he wanted to give relief. Why you are troubling yourself and tell me what do you want. So you don't please make me immortal. So he told, even I am not immortal. How can I make you immortal?